Update parcel extension (#19356)
raycast/extensions: extensions/parcel/CHANGELOG.md

# Parcel Changelog

## [Improved Date Handling] - {PR_MERGE_DATE}

> - Enhanced date parsing to support both American and European date formats

Reviewer: Avoid assigning your own names to things—use and cite established standard. While MM/DD/YYYY can be reasonably called "American," nowhere else has such a simple 1:1 relationship. The common date format in Europe just swaps the month and date, i.e. DMY instead of MDY. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_date_formats_by_country

```suggestion
- Parse `DD.MM.YYYY HH:mm` formatted dates as used by European and other non-US carriers
```

- Added fallback to display raw date string if parsing fails

> - Improved error handling and logging for date-related issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved error handling and logging for date parsing
```

> - Refactored date parsing logic into a reusable utility function for better maintainability

Reviewer: The changelog is for users, don't include internal changes that have no user impact
